
NKK Trustees
Subra.png
Dr. Subra Bhat
 
Dr. Bhat is board-certified in Internal Medicine, Pulmonary Medicine, Critical care Medicine and Integrative Pain Management. He is an active Rotarian and serves as board member at Clayton state university, Hindu temple of Atlanta and Good shepherd clinic. He served as chairman of  Atlanta Kannada Koota and Current Trustee. He has established multiple student scholarships locally and in India. Mobilized and donated funds for multiple natural disaster.

 

Dr. Bhat has won multiple community service awards, top physician award, Patients choice award and Covid community award (2021)

 

Dr. Bhat is married to Dr. Annapurna Bhat who is a Rheumatologist and their son Kiran is a writer and world traveler.

Dr.Anu.jpg
Dr. Anu Bhat
 
Dr Anu Bhat is Physician who did her super specialty Rheumatology at Emory University in  Atlanta who was awarded Top Georgia Rheumatologist  in 2018. She is married to Dr Subrahmanya Bhat Pulmonologist, who served as Chairman NKK 2019, they have one son Kiran Bhat who is pursuing literary career. 

Both of them are involved in various charity organizations  sponsoring multiple  cultural  and charitable activities in GA, FL and India. Some examples of Organizations that they have contributed in Atlanta  include Heaven house, A Friends house Inc, Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Clayton state  University, Kennesaw state University, The  Raksha Foundation.  Ekal Vidyalaya, Habitat  for humanity

She is board member of numerous organizations through which she serves local communities.

Anu is also interested in encouraging music  and dance activities and has promoted numerous cultural activities including hosting Yakshagana musical troupe. She has hosted several famous entertainers including singers, violinists, Sitar players, authors for various organizations.

NKK  - BOD/EC Team for 2026
Board of Directors (BOD)
Executive Committee (EC)
Ramesh Ugrappa Chairman
Ramesh Venkatesh
President

Ramesh Venkatesh, wife Poornima Venkatappa and Kids Ivanshi and Ishank.

Ramesh was basically born and brought up in Bangalore. Moved to US in 2012, to  New York. Was active member of Kannada Sangha in NWA AND IOWA. Moved to Atlanta in 2018 October. And been part of NKK from 2019.

Looking forward to serving our Kannada community NKK.

Like to go for hikes and trials with friends over the weekends/free time.


I have been in atlanta for 24years, hardcore supporter , lifetime member and volunteer of NKK since year 2000.
This is the first time I’m in the board but always supported from behind on any kannada events across metro Atlanta ,being in the board gives me an opportunity to serve better and improve any shortcomings with direct interaction with board. 
I’m known to  South Indian community around south Forsyth and north Fulton area. 
I’m excited to be part of the NKK and passionate to serve Kannadigas around atlanta metro area.

Sudeep.jpg
Sudeep Hebbar along with wife Chaya and sons Sumith and Sanchit called Atlanta home since 2008 and are currently settled in Cumming. Sudeep is originally from Udupi district and Chaya is from North Canara. They have participated and volunteered in NKK ever since then.

Sudeep is a Software Architect by profession and is an outdoor and music enthusiast. Looking forward to serving Atlanta area Kanndigas thru NKK.

Sudeep Hebbar
BoD

I’ve been in the U.S. for over 6 years and was part of Kannada groups in other states before moving to Atlanta. I live in Cumming with my husband Sunil Kumar and our daughter. I work as a Cloud Data Engineer with 15+ years of IT experience and have had the honor of being a TEDx speaker and being featured on Times Square as one of the “Top 100 Women in Tech.” I’m excited to be part of the committee and look forward to serving our Kannada community.

Kavitha
Secretary
 

I am Chaitra Nagaraja, and I have been living in Atlanta for the past 10 years with my husband, Adarsha Subbarao, and our children, Arnav Rao and Shreya Rao. I work as a Regional Program Manager for SEWA Internationals,a nonprofit organization dedicated to humanitarian service and community development. I have been an active member of NKK for over a decade and am deeply connected to the Kannada community. I also volunteer as a teacher at the Marietta Kannada Shaale, where I enjoy supporting children in learning Kannada and staying connected to our language and culture.


Chaitra
Executive Committee
Srinivas Yelwal 
VP of Public Relations
 

Prakash
BoD
 Prakash Ramachandraiah has lived in the metro Atlanta area since 2002, after moving from India with his wife, Roopa Prakash. The couple has two children, Anagha and Arpan.

He has been deeply involved in Kannada cultural activities, including drama, singing, and various volunteer efforts.

Prakash has played a key role in directing and performing in numerous dramas inspired by classic Kannada literary works. He and his team organized the first Janapada Jaatre, a full-day event celebrating the folk arts and culture of Karnataka.

He served as co-chair of cultural activities for the 2012 AKKA Sammelana, which brought together hundreds of artists from Karnataka. Prakash and his team also directed an ambitious Chitravali performance to commemorate Kannada cinema, featuring more than 120 local artists of all ages.

image.png
Sharathbabu Krishnarao  Treasurer
Sharathbabu Krishnarao, along with wife Shobha Rajarao, daughter Jyotsna Rao and son Saurab Rao have been living in Alpharetta, GA since 2005. Originally from Bengaluru, Sharathbabu and family have been involved in NKK activities for past 18 years. Sharathbabu has been volunteering in Kannada community events like AKKA 2012, Douglas Road cleanup and most recent in the NKK 50 Years event. Wife Shobha has been teaching Kannada as part of Kannada Academy for past 3 years. Daughter Jyotsna has participated in NKK cultural activities since childhood and most recently she was part of the 2023 Vijay Prakash concert.Sharathbabu has been supporting NKK for a long time, but this is the first time participating in an official role. His interests are in sports, hiking, and music. Sharathbabu is excited to be part of NKK Executive Committee and looking forward to serve Kannadigas in Atlanta area through NKK.


I am a Product management director residing in Duluth with my husband Pradeep Bhargav. I am very excited to be on the Board of directors for NKK Atlanta . I am very proud to be a Kannadiga and contribute to our community and make NKK grow .

Anjana Rao
BoD
Keshava_photo.jpg
Keshava is basically from Hassan and raised in Bangalore. I completed my school, college and degree in Bangalore having around 20yrs IT experience. I came to the US in 2018 and have been residing in Alpharetta for the past 8yrs. My wife is a Senior IT Architect and have a daughter studying in 6th grade.

Keshava Prasad 
VP Administration/Ops

SantoshKumar Pajimbila
BoD

Sreedhar Venkat is living in Alpharetta since 2015 with wife Thanuja Ramachandra. Before moving to Atlanta, lived in Boston and looking forward to serving Kannadigas through NKK. He is involved in all major events in Atlanta and key person in organizing many events successfully.

Sreedhar Venkat
BoD

Bharatish Shirahatti, wife Parimala, daughters Ankshata and Ankita have been actively volunteering for NKK since 1994. Bharatish has served NKK as Vice Chairman for 2 years, as Chairman for 1 year, and as BOD for more than 11 years.  Besides volunteering in the NKK events/activities, current interests include improving NKK bylaws, policies and processes; guiding and supporting NKK office holders and volunteers.


Bharath has been part of the Executive Committee of NKK since 2016, also served as the President in 2021/22.

Bharath Tejasvi is an engineer by academics, an IT architect by profession, and a creator by passion. He comes from a family rooted in the performing arts and cinema. His grandfather, the late Honnappa Bhagavathar, was a distinguished personality in Kannada and Tamil cinema, known for his contributions as an actor, music director, and singer.

Bharatish Shirahatti
BoD
Bharath Tejasvi
Vice Chairman

Rupali Biradar
BoD
 
Dr.(Vaidya) Rupali Biradar M.D in Ayurveda is classically trained and highly qualified with over 15 years in Ayurvedic medicine, US board certified in Traditional Ayurvedic Medicine. She is founder and director of Modern Ayurveda. Wellness Atlanta USA.She worked on formulation/research for launching new ayurvedic roducts for Herbal Mantra USA. She serves on the exam board of NCCBAM(National Certificate and Credentialing Board of Ayurvedic Medicine). She also serves as Director Of Clinical Management Solution at dvaitaprana. Holistic Solutions and Services company USA. She led numerous research projects , seminars in collaboration with public and private sectors. She is also a yoga therapist with expertise inintegrative traditional ayurvedic medicine, clinical panchkarma nutrition . She has conducted a large number of educational workshop, presented research papers in the field of ayurveda. She got her post graduation in M.D Dravyaguna (Specialization in Ayurveda) from Rajiv Gandhi University Of Health Science Bengaluru India. With over 15 +years of experience in India and USA she has touched the lives of thousands of clients across a wide array of disorders.


Sanjay Chakrapani, with over 25 years of experience in technology spanning multiple industries
Sanjay Chakrapani, along with wife Jyothi Sanjay, son Anirudh Sanjay Kowlagi and daughter Amrutha
Sanjay Kowlagi, have been living in Johns Creek, Atlanta, GA since 2013. Originally from Bengaluru.
Sanjay Chakrapani, and family have been involved in NKK activities ever since.
Wife Jyothi Sanjay, has been teaching Kannada as part of Kannada Academy for past 5 years.
Both son and Daughter have participated in